.TH "GIT-ACTIVITY" 1 "September 25 2024" "git-activity 1.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
git-activity \- Record and show your Git activity across multiple (or all) repos, optionally filtered
.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBgit activity record\fR \fI\<log message\>\fR

\fBgit activity post-checkout-record\fR \fI\<Git post-checkout hook parameters\>\fR

\fBgit activity show\fR [\fI\<date\>\fR | ([\fB--date=\fR\fI\<date\>\fR] [\fB--log-message-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--repo-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--branch=\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--commit-message-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--sha-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR])]

\fBgit activity install\fR [\fB--global\fR]

\fBgit activity\fR (\fBhelp\fR | \fB--help\fR)

\fBgit activity\fR (\fB--version\fR | \fB-v\fR)

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgit-activity\fR Record and show your Git activity across multiple (or all)
repos, optionally filtered by date, activity type (e.g. commit, branch
creation, etc) regex pattern, repo name regex pattern, branch name regex
pattern, commit message regex pattern, and/or commit SHA (first seven
characters) regex pattern. (Regex patterns are specifically awk regex patterns)

.SH COMMANDS
The following commands are available:

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity\fR \fBrecord\fR \fI\<log message\>\fR

Record an activity.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity\fR \fBpost-checkout-record\fR \fI\<Git post-checkout hook parameters\>\fR

Record activity from a post-checkout hook.

If the checked out branch does not appear in the reflog and does not have
a remote tracking branch, it is recorded as \fIcreate\fR.

N.B: this has a false negative when creating a branch the name of which
you have used before recently enough for it to still be in the reflog.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity show\fR [\fI\<date\>\fR | ([\fB--date=\fR\fI\<date\>\fR] [\fB--log-message-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--repo-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--branch=\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--commit-message-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR] [\fB--sha-pattern=\fR\fI\<pattern\>\fR])]

Show the recorded activity, optionally filtered by date, activity type (e.g. commit, branch creation, etc), repo name, branch name, commit message, and/or commit SHA.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity install\fR [\fB--global\fR]

If run from a Git repo root, adds Git hooks to the repo. If a hook file already exists, the command is appended to it.

If \fB--global\fR is passed, hooks are added to Git's \fBinit.templatedir\fR. (If a hook file already exists, the command is appended to it.) Now running \fBgit init\fR for the first time in any directory will add the hooks to the new repo. (If \fBinit.templatedir\fR is not already configured, it will be set to \fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/.config/git-templates\fR if \fBXDG_CONFIG_HOME\fR is defined, or to \fB$HOME/.config/git-templates\fR if \fBXDG_CONFIG_HOME\fR is not defined.)

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity\fR (\fBhelp\fR | \fB--help\fR)

Show this document.

.IP \(bu
\fBgit activity\fR (\fB--version\fR | \fB-v\fR)

Show the current version.

.SH AUTHORS

Henry Bley\-Vroman <olets@olets.dev>
